## Code Review 11: of nehasavant by izrubin

-   [Problem 1]. Combining scatterplot coordinates with further styling of the markers using size or color variation can provide additional information about the points. In this plot, the y position should correspond with the size of markers. Do you think this is a useful way to emphasize information in a plot? Could it possibly be misinterpreted or misleading in some way? Did your peer create plot as instructed, and did they use the same method as you?
	- This can be a useful method when emphasizing high quantities, but can easily be misleading if we do not want to underrepresent data with lower values (such as data types with low values indicating a greater need for attention like low life expectancy or income). Neha produced axes but not the full plot as instructed.
	 
-   [Problem 2]. Here points are also colored using a colormap mapping to the x value of the points, and the size is random. There is not likely to be a good reason to make the size of points random in a real plot, but it does make for an interesting looking figure here. Think of and describe an example scatterplot in which there are 4 values you wish to represent, and you would use size, color, and x, and y coordinates to display information about all four.
	- One such example would be looking at a scatterplot of respiratory illness rates by census tract. The four data values would be particulate matter (PM) concentrations (y), number of hospitalizations for respiratory issues per year (x), percentage of population that is immunosuppressed (size of marker), and average household income (color of marker).
    
-   [Problem 3]. Modifying the placement of tick marks and axes labels is often a difficult task, and is done a bit differently in every plotting library. It is important that ticks marks are spaced out and made to an appropriate size to be readable. Did your peer add tick marks as described? Did they use a different method than you did?
	- Neha added tick marks partially as described, using `axis.x.ticks.locator = toyplot.locator.Integer(step=11)`, which produced 6 evenly spaced integers with tick marks, but left the right side of the x-axis and the 7th tick mark cut off. This could probably be improved by trying a different step value if not switching to a different method altogether. The "x + " part of defining the data for y values is missing.
	
-   [Problem 4]. Barplots are used to show a distribution of binned data points. The default styling of barplots is often used, but modifying the size of bins, their color, or the spacing between them can often make for a much nicer looking plot. Did your peer bin the data into 15 bins? Did they apply a colormap to the bars? Given this distribution, which type of colormap do you think would be most appropriate, i.e., a linear map, a diverging map?
	- She did bin the data into 15 bins with a colormap, although the colormap varies along the x-axis rather than according to bar height. A diverging colormap would be most appropriate for a bar graph with normal distribution like this.
    
-   [Problem 5]. Creating plot layouts that combine multiple plots onto a single canvas is an important skill to learn to begin to make complex plots that display a lot of information. This plot should show a histogram on the left, and a corresponding scatterplot on the right. The density of points should match up between the two. Which of the two plots do you think is more informative about the distribution of the data? Did your peer use a different method than you did, and how do they differ?
	- While the scatterplot is more informative in showing *all* of the data without "smoothing" it, the bar graph gives a simplified and quickly understandable representation of the data distribution. Which one is more appropriate depends on what the data represents, the audience, and purpose of the communication. Neha used the grid option to designate where each plot would be located, while I used the bounds option defined by pixels. Overall, Neha used more and shorter lines, while I used fewer but longer lines in order to meet the same requirements.